Wishlist
========

The items on this list varies greatly in price range and availability because
I use this list to keep track of things I want/need to buy when I have the time
and money. There are also items on this list that have yet to be released.
Tread carefully.

### Table of Contents
- Table of contents
{:toc}

Assorted stuff
--------------

- Pakuma Akara K1 backpack or Victorinox Kehlen backpack

Kitchenware
-----------

- Nigiri-forms (yeah, yeah, it's cheating, I know)
- Makiyakinabe (tamago pan, firkantet stege/omeletpande)
- Eva Trio Stegepande med vaflet bund, 24 cm, rustfrit stål _DKK 449,-_
- Eva Trio Suppegryde, 10 ltr, rustfrit stål _DKK 1099,-_

Books
-----

I generally prefer english translations of japanese books over the danish.

### Fiction

- J.R.R. Tolkien: The Children of Hurin _ISBN-10: 0007252269_
- Philip Pullman: Once upon a time in the north _ISBN-10: 0385614322_
- Philip Pullman: His Dark Materials _ISBN-10: 1407104160_

### Non-fiction
- J. J. Sakurai: Modern Quantum Mechanics
- Kim Schulz: Hacking Vim _ISBN-10: 1847190936_
- Clifford Stoll: The Cuckoo's Egg _ISBN-10: 0385249462_
- Andrew Osmond: Satoshi Kon: The Illusionist _ISBN-10: 1933330740_
- The FontBook

### Comics
- Walt Disney's Hall of Fame: Don Rosa bog 1, 4- 

Music
-----

Much of the listed music is not available in Danish music shops, and some is
not even available on most English online music shops. For Japanese CDs,
[cdjapan][cdj] is usually a good option.

- A Kid Hereafter: Yo!
- ALI Project: COLLECTION SIMPLE PLUS
- ALI Project: Grand Finale
- ALI Project: Psychedelic Insanity
- ALI Project: Rose Crucifixion
- Andrew Lloyd Webber: Cats (London cast)
- Andrew Lloyd Webber: Jesus Christ Superstar
- Angela Aki: Home
- Ayako Ikeda: Lunar Soup
- Belle & Sebastian - The boy with the arab strap
- Björk: Homogenic
- Björk: Medulla
- Björk: Post
- Björk: Vespertine
- Boris: Akuma no Uta
- Boris: Amplifier Worship
- Boris: Flood
- Boris: Heavy Rocks
- Boris: Rainbow (with Michio Kurihara)
- Camera Obscura: Let's get out of this country
- Camera Obscura: My Maudlin Career
- Dir en grey: Uroboros
- eufonius: Eufonius
- eufonius: metafysik
- eufonius: Sigma
- eufonius: Subarashiki Sekai
- Gåte: Jygri
- Gnarls Barkley: The Odd Couple
- Interpol: Antics
- Interpol: Our Love To Admire
- Interpol: Turn On The Bright Lights
- Kalafina: SeventhHeaven
- Kojima Mayumi: Musical biography 2001: 2007
- Kojima Mayumi: My name is blue
- L'Altra: Music for a sinking occas
- L'Altra: Singing afternoon
- My Bloody Valentine: Isn't Anything
- Origa: Aurora
- Origa: Era of queens
- Radiohead: Amnesiac
- Radiohead: Hail to the Thief
- Radiohead: Kid A
- Radiohead: Pablo Honey
- Radiohead: The Bends
- Rie Fu: Urban Romantic
- Riyu Kosaka: Danzai no Hana ~Guilty Sky~
- Riyu Kosaka: Every Struggle
- Sebastian: Ronja Røverdatter
- Sebastian: Skatteøen
- Stephen Lynch: Superhero
- Supercell: Today Is A Beautiful Day
- Under Byen: Samme stof som stof
- Utada Hikaru: This is the one
- Wakeshima Kanon: Shinshoku Dolce
- Yoko Kanno: Song to fly
- Zero 7: When it falls

(The list goes on...)

### Game soundtracks
- [Final Fantasy XII][ffxiiost]
- Final Fantasy IV
- Takt of Wind / Kaze no Tact (Legend of Zelda: Wind Waker OST)
- Voices: Music from Final Fantasy
- Distant Worlds: Music from Final Fantasy
- Mirror's Edge

Games
-----

### Board Games
- Munchkin
- Go (The japanese board game)
- Mahjong tiles
- Dart Flights
- Settlers of Catan: Expansion for 5-6 players
- Settlers of Catan: Seafarers of Catan: Expansion for 5-6 players
- Settlers of Catan: Cities and Knights: Expansion for 5-6 players

### Wii Games
- Okami
- Metroid Prime Trilogy
- Super Mario Galaxy 2
- Sin & Punishment 2
- Arc Rise Fantasia
- Fragile Dreams: Farewell Ruins of the Moon
- Another Code: R – A Journey into Lost Memories 
- Xenoblade
- The Last Story
- Pandora's Tower

### Nintendo DS Games
- The world ends with you
- Heroes of Mana
- Children of Mana
- Chrono Trigger
- Lock's Quest
- lostmagic
- Lunar Knights
- Magical Starsign
- Tetris
- Kingdom Hearts 358/2 Days

### Playstation 3 Games
- Eternal Sonata
- Final Fantasy XIII Versus
- Final Fantasy XIII-2
- Journey
- The Last Guardian
- GTA V

### Playstation 2 Games
- Dark Cloud / dark chronicle
- Breath Of fire 4
- Psychonauts
- We Love Katamari

### SNES Games

*NB*: These can obviously only be bought used.

- Final Fantasy V (I have an NTSC-adaptor)
- Final Fantasy VI
- Secret of Mana

Manga & Graphic Novels
----------------------

*NB:* Please: no manga in Danish!

The following list is of series and oneshots I have not yet begun collecting or
bought.

*NB:* Please do not buy the volumes out-of-order. If the first volume isn't
available, I prefer not to read any of the subsequent ones.

- Mpd Psycho
- Hayao Miyazaki Starting Point
- Buddha (Ozamu Tezuka)
- MW (Ozamu Tezuka)
- Ode to Kirihito (Ozamu Tezuka)
- Saikano
- This Ugly Yet Beautiful World
- Tsukuyomi Moon Phase
- Welcome to the NHK
- Black Jack (Ozamu Tezuka)
- Excel Saga
- Fullmetal Alchemist
- Future Diary
- Ghost in the shell
- Ghost in the shell 2: man machine interface
- Ghost in the shell: solid state society
- Somedays Dreamers Spellbound
- Haibane Renmei
- [Alan Moore - V for Vendetta][v]

Anime
-----

Most of the series listed here are available both as boxsets and single volumes.
I have no particular preference and unless otherwise noted, you can assume that
I don't own any of the volumes.

*NB* Where available, Region 2/B Bluray is preferred to DVD. Any other
region-locked Bluray should be avoided. There are no restrictions on DVD
regions. Please note that most Blurays are in fact region free, meaning
they will work just fine.

Please do not buy any of these without the original, Japanese audio track.
English and Danish dubs tend to suck on a cosmic scale.

### Studio Ghibli movies
- The Borrower Arietty
- Ponyo
- Howl's Moving Castle
- Laputa - Castle in the sky
- Porco Rosso
- The Cat Returns
- Whisper of the Heart
- Ocean Waves / I Can Hear The Sea
- Only Yesterday
- Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind

### By Katsuhiro Otomo
- Akira
- Memories

### By Satoshi Kon
- Paprika
- Perfect Blue

### By Shinkai Makoto
- The Place Promised in our Early Days (Kumo no Mukou - Yakusoku no Basho)
- 5 cm per second (Byousoku go cm)
- Anything else

### Other movies
- The Girl Who Leapt Through Time (Toki o kakeru shoujo)
- The Sky Crawlers
- Kite (Director's Cut)
- Metropolis
- Anything by Studio 4C

### Series & Boxsets
- Azumanga Daioh
- Cowboy Bebop
- Elfen Lied
- Ergo Proxy
- Fate/Stay Night
- FLCL (Fooly Cooly / Furi Kuri)
- Genshiken
- Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex
- Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex 2nd gig
- Haibane Renmei
- Last Exile
- Magical Shopping Arcade Abenobashi
- Neon Genesis Evangelion
- Neon Genesis Evangelion Movie Collection
- Nichijou
- Paranoia Agent
- R.O.D. (Read or Die)
- R.O.D. (Read or Dream)
- Rozen Maiden
- Someday's Dreamers
- Texhnolyze
- Tsubasa Chronicles

Movies and TV Series
--------------------

*NB:* Blu-ray is preferred when available.

- Joss Whedon's Firefly
- Across the Universe
- Shinobi - Heart under blade
- Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon / Tiger på spring Drage i skjul (with original audio track!)
- The X Files (season 4 and up)
- How I Met Your Mother (all seasons)
- Game of Thrones


Other
-----
- QC T-shirts
- XKCD T-shirts

### My other wishlists
- [Amazon.co.uk][amazonuk]
- [Amazon.co.jp][amazonjp]

### Vendors
- [Faraos Cigarer](http://faraos.dk): They have much of the manga and anime on this list.
- [CD Japan][cdj]: Japanese music not easily found elsewhere
- [Gifts for a geek](http://www.giftsforageek.com/): Awesome T-shirts.

[evatrio]: http://www.eva-trio.com
[cdj]: http://cdjapan.co.jp
[mangalist]: http://wiki.frokostgruppen.dk/doku.php?id=mangalist_arkanoid
[amazonuk]: http://www.amazon.co.uk/wishlist/2RDW59726073E
[amazonjp]: https://www.amazon.co.jp/wishlist/G6ITG4SZ1X8V
[ffxiiost]: http://www.amazon.co.uk/Final-Fantasy-Vol-Original-Soundtrack/dp/B000EWBCQ0/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&s=music&qid=1260576205&sr=1-3
[v]: http://faraos.dk/design/index.php?page=show_product&stregkode=STAR00232&norefer=1
